Activity 13 - Shiny Apps
================

We will be completing this activity over the entirity of Week 11.

## ☑️ Task 1: The Workflow

Remember that more detailed directions can be found in [Task 1 of
Activity
4](https://github.com/gvsu-sta518/activity04-data-pipelines#%EF%B8%8F-task-1-the-workflow).

![fork](README-img/fork-icon.png) **Fork** this repo and clone it to a
new [RStudio Project](https://rstudio.gvsu.edu/)

<img src="README-img/noun_pause.png" alt="pause" width = "20"/>
<b>Planned Pause Point</b>: If you have any questions, contact your
instructor or another group. We will complete this Activity during our
next class session

## ☑️ Task 2: Find the project folder

You will be completing the Modules of [Building Web Applications with
Shiny](https://rstudio-education.github.io/shiny-course/) by Drs. [Mine
Çetinkaya-Rundel](https://mine-cr.com/) (Duke), [Charlotte
Wickham](https://www.cwick.co.nz/) (Oregon State), [Desirée De
Leon](https://desiree.rbind.io/) (RStudio) and others. Please note that
throughout this tutorial you will see directions to, “Navigate to the
\[RStudio Cloud\] project called \[a name\] after clicking the button
below” that looks like the image below this item. To avoid confusion
between RStudio Cloud and GVSU’s RStudio Workbench/Server, I have put
all of these materials into this GitHub repository for you to work
through using our typical workflow (GitHub \> Fork \> Clone \> GVSU’s
RStudio Workbench). Please let me know if there is something incorrect
in this repo so that I can correct it quickly - I could have very easily
made a mistake in setting all of this up. The goal is to be finished
with all of these modules by the end of the week.

When you are working through the Modules and see an area that looks
like:

![screenshot of Navigate to the \[RStudio Cloud\] project called \[a
name\] after clicking the button
below](README-img/build-web-app-rstudio-cloud-box.png)

You should remind yourself that for us you should “Go to the Folder in
your cloned GVSU RStudio Workbench/Server Project”, instead of clicking
on the “Go to RStudio Cloud Workspace” button.
